Version 2.0.3 - Desktop
-----------------------

### Features

*   Drag and Drop has been added as another way to move Tasks between lists.
*   "Enable Touchscreen Kiosk mode" added to General Settings. This option disables some user interaction features that conflict with Touchscreen usage eg: Drag and Drop.
*   Day names (eg: monday, tuesday, mon, tues) can now be used as values for the due date Task argument parameter.
*   OTA updates have been implemented. The app will now automatically download updates as they become available and display a notification once it is ready to install. Installation only takes around 10 seconds.
*   Pressing the escape key will now cancel any currently moving Tasks.
*   Keyboard support for navigating and selecting Tasks and Lists has been improved. You can now use the Arrow keys to select Tasks and the Tab key for selecting Task lists. Pressing Enter or F2 now opens a Task's name input. Tip: Use Shift + Tab to select a Task list in reverse order.
*   Checklists are here. Available by enabling the checklist mode in the Settings dialog of a Task List. Checklists allow you to select a date and repeating schedule for when Tasks in that list will be automatically renewed (ie: Set back to uncompleted ). Checklists will be automatically renewed at the begining of each scheduled day. `RobH779`
*   Keyboard shortcuts menu visuals have been improved.
*   Backend handling of completed Tasks has been reworked. The old system was not cost effective enough with how it deals with the Database. The option for Task lists to show or hide completed Tasks has been moved to a global button on the toolbar. This will now only load completed Tasks on demand improving App and Database performance.
*   Adjusted the default colors of the Task check box and the Task Due date circle to improve readability.
*   Project layouts are now checked for equality before updating the Database, improving Database performance.
*   All database actions except Task Name updates are checked for equality before updating the Database, improving Database performance.
*   Tooltip added for Keyboard shortcuts button.
*   Handling of special characters in Task names has been improved.
*   `MacOS` Releases and updates are now Code Signed.
*   Release notes page added to Application settings menu. If you are reading this, it means I remembered to enable it this time.
*   Task Metadata display been visually refreshed. Labels replaced with Icons and spacing adjusted for improved readability.
*   Task "Completed On" timestamp added to Task Metadata display.
*   New Task Lists now default their sorting mode to "Date Added".
*   Underlying Task List sorting behaviour has been reworked. Sort by Priority, Assignee, Due Date and Completed now use Date Added as their fallback sorting. This means, for example, if you sort by Priority, Tasks that have no Priority set will themselves be sorted by Date Added instead of nothing, which was causing a randomized sort order.
*   I have added Rollbar Error Tracking and Crash Reporting. This system notifies me of critical errors and crashes. The infomation sent to me via Rollbar is anonymized, I do not collect any UserID, Display Name, Email or IP Address infomation. The system is only activated in the case of a critical error or crash, I do not collect any usage infomation.
*   Database security improvements.

### Fixes

*   **Windows** - App will no longer lock up after computer wakes from sleep on some machines.
*   Font size of bulleted lists in Help pages has been adjusted smaller. `RobH779`
*   "Getting Started" link in Help pages has been fixed.
*   Due Date displays will now automatically update overnight instead of waiting for user interaction in the morning.
*   Spelling and Content in the Help pages has been improved. `RobH779`
*   Invite to Project button now correctly hugs the bottom of the Window across all monitor and window sizes... Third time lucky. `RobH779`
*   Loading screen Spinners and Text placement have been fixed.
*   When multiple users are editing a project at the same time, their text entries will no longer conflict with eachother. `RobH779`
*   Electron Framework updated to version 2.0.6.