Version 2.1.0 - Desktop
-----------------------

Major feature release. Task Comments, Notes and unique layouts.

### Features

*   Task Inspector - To support new Task Comment and Note functionality, Task properties have been rolled into a single Task Inspector view, this is accessed by clicking or touching the task circle. Here you can find all the old functionality, due date, importance, assign to, info as well as the new Comments and Note features.
*   Task comments have been added. Add comments to your Tasks viewable by all project contributors. An indicator will appear next to the Project and underneath the Task when new comments have been posted. Task comments can be viewed and edited via the Task Inspector. `RobH779`
*   Task Notes have been added. Use Task notes to provide futher detail to your Tasks or to track your progress towards completion. `RobH779`
*   Global and Personal Layouts have been added. When using a shared project, you will now have the option in the toolbar to choose between a personal and global layout.
    
    #### Global Layout
    
    The global layout is shared between every contributor in the project, any changes you make will be synced across all users (that are using the global layout).
    
    #### Personal Layout
    
    The personal layout is synced only to your own account. Use this if you would like a unique layout to everybody else. `RobH779`
    
*   Task Lists can now be moved to other projects. Click or touch the settings Icon and use the drop down menu in the settings window to move the tasklist to the desired project.
    
    Please note, your client preforms most of the leg work of moving the task list but the server does need to come in afterwards and sweep up. This means that some tasks may take 10 - 20 seconds to appear in the destination project. `RobH779`
    
*   App lock screen instructions improved. `RobH779`
*   Cleanup Jobs Queue added to database allowing for servers to respond to actions requiring cleanup even if those actions were initially performed whilst the client was offline.

### Fixes

*   Various server side optimizations
*   Optimizations for the Task List Layout system
*   App will now correctly check for updates every 30 minutes, not just on initialization.